README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Albin! 👋

⚡ I’m currently working for Plejd in CloudOps with a focus in security related projects ☁️ :satellite:

🎓 Graduated [Python Development with a focus on Artificial Intelligence and machine learning](https://teknikhogskolan.se/utbildningar/pythonutvecklare-ai/) at Teknikhögskolan

🌱 Life Story: I was original deadset on becoming a game developer but after 3 years of gymnasium in that field.
I had a change of heart and now I am working my ass off becoming a AI developer.
But as I gained experience with my education my heart have beaten again and I have really found myself in the hands-on cyber security world :satellite:<br>
Which is what I'm doing while working at Plejd 😃

### Programming languages
![Shell Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Frameworks
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)

![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white)
![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rabbitmq-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=grafana&logoColor=white)

### Operatingsystem
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![ElasticSearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ElasticSearch-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch)

## Other stuff
![Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/meFrankenstein/badges/small)

<img src="https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/medracula.png" alt="TryHackMe">

Commit message:

Update meDracula profile with a about me section

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Albin! 👋

## <picture><img src = "https://github.com/meDracula/meDracula/blob/main/images/about_me.gif?raw=true" width = 50px></picture> About me

⚡I’m currently a working CloudOps:ers ☁️ :satellite: with a focus in security related projects

🎓 Graduated [Python Development with a focus on Artificial Intelligence and machine learning](https://teknikhogskolan.se/utbildningar/pythonutvecklare-ai/) at Teknikhögskolan

🌱 Life Story: I was original deadset on becoming a game developer but after 3 years of gymnasium in that field.
I had a change of heart and studied and graduated as a AI developer.
But as I gained experience with my education my heart have beaten again and I have really found myself working in the hands-on cyber security world.<br>

### Programming languages
![Shell Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Frameworks
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)

![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white)
![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rabbitmq-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=grafana&logoColor=white)

### Operatingsystem
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![ElasticSearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ElasticSearch-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch)

## Other stuff
![Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/meFrankenstein/badges/small)

<img src="https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/medracula.png" alt="TryHackMe">
